feat: support scan_ function hooks (#267)
SeisoLLC/easy_infra: docs/Hooks/index.rst

    # register_hook: terraform

.. note::
    Only packages or their related aliases listed in ``easy_infra.yml`` at build time, or the ``scan_`` functions (which only perform the security scans, i.e.
    ``scan_terraform`` or ``scan_cloudformation``) are supported. This means that, if a package has multiple aliases, or if you'd like to support the ``scan_``

>     function, you will need to be registered your hook against each of those.

Author: ```suggestion
    function, you will need to register your hook against each of those.
```
